Zowe Remote SSH: Initial porting into staging branch (#4210)
zowe/zowe-explorer-vscode: packages/zowex-for-zowe-explorer/CHANGELOG.md

Reviewer: We'll probably want to do a checkout of the file from `zowex` repo before merging to get the new version headers 👍

Author: I had anticipated resolving the delta in a follow up PR due to some other issues.

# Change Log

> All notable changes to the "zowex" extension will be documented in this file.

Reviewer: I think we should rephrase this since `zowex` no longer has its own VSCE:

```suggestion
All notable changes to the "zowex-for-zowe-explorer" package will be documented in this file.
```

Check [Keep a Changelog](http://keepachangelog.com/) for recommendations on how to structure this file.

## Recent Changes

- **Breaking:** Renamed contributed setting IDs from `zowe-native-proto` to `zowex`. All references to `zowe-native-proto` should be replaced with `zowex` in VS Code `settings.json` files. [#831](https://github.com/zowe/zowex/issues/831)
- **Breaking:** Refactored the code to be directly integrated into Zowe Explorer. []()

> - **Breaking:** Changed the settings to align with Zowe Explorer. []()

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- **Breaking:** Refactored the code to be directly integrated into Zowe Explorer. [#4210](https://github.com/zowe/zowe-explorer-vscode/pull/4210)
- **Breaking:** Changed the settings to align with Zowe Explorer. [#4210](https://github.com/zowe/zowe-explorer-vscode/pull/4210)
```
